#386 Update GKE cluster creation pages (#405)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/rancher-on-gke.md

When choosing a Kubernetes version, be sure to first consult the [support matrix](https://rancher.com/support-matrix/) to find the highest version of Kubernetes that has been validated for your Rancher version.

> To successfully create a GKE cluster with Rancher, your GKE must be in Standard mode. GKE has two modes of operation when creating a Kubernetes cluster, Autopilot and Standard mode. The cluster configuration for Autopilot mode has restrictions on editing the kube-system namespce. However, Rancher needs to create resources in the kube-system namespace during installation. As a result, you will not be able to install Rancher on a GKE cluster created in Autopilot mode. For more informatin about the difference between GKE Autopilot mode and Standard mode, visit [Compare GKE Autopilot and Standard.](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/resources/autopilot-standard-feature-comparison)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully create a GKE cluster with Rancher, your GKE must be in Standard mode. GKE has two modes of operation when creating a Kubernetes cluster, Autopilot and Standard mode. The cluster configuration for Autopilot mode has restrictions on editing the kube-system namespace. However, Rancher needs to create resources in the kube-system namespace during installation. As a result, you will not be able to install Rancher on a GKE cluster created in Autopilot mode. For more information about the difference between GKE Autopilot mode and Standard mode, visit [Compare GKE Autopilot and Standard.](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/resources/autopilot-standard-feature-comparison)
```
